README.md, before:

# Code Challenges
A collection of challenges completed in JavaScript.

<hr>

## Objects

* [Left Join](./challenges/left-join/README.md)

## Arrays

* [Reverse an Array](./challenges/array-reverse/README.md)
* [Shift an Array](./challenges/array-shift/README.md)
* [Array Binary Search](./challenges/array-binary-search/README.md)
* [Reverse Array Methods](./challenges/array-challenges/README.md)
* [Find Second Highest Value in an Array](./challenges/find-second-highest/README.md)
* [Find Sum of Array Values](./challenges/find-sum-value/README.md)
* [Quicksort - Flag Challenge](./challenges/flag-challenge/README.md)

## 2D Arrays

* [Find Maximum and Minimum](./challenges/2d-array-challenge/README.md)
* [Chess](./challenges/chess/README.md)

## Linked Lists

<!-- * [Merge Two Linked Lists](./challenge/llMerge/README.md) -->

## Stacks

<!-- * [Queue with Stacks](./challenges/queue-with-stacks/README.md) -->

## Queues

* [Queue - Animal Shelter MultiQueue](./challenges/animal-shelter/README.md)

## Trees

* [Find Path Between Values](./challenges/find-path/README.md)
* [Find All Tree Intersections](./challenges/tree-intersections/README.md)
* [FizzBuzz](./challenges/fizzbuzz/README.md)
* [Find Maximum Value](./challenges/find-max/README.md)
* [Find Depth](./challenges/find-depth/README.md)

## Graphs

* [Are There Islands?](./challenges/are-there-islands/README.md)
* [PreOrder DFS](./challenges/preorder-dfs/README.md)

Commit message:

add more READMEs and travis.yml for testing

README.md, after:

# Code Challenges
A collection of challenges completed in JavaScript.

Each challenge contains a coded solution and a README with a description of the challenge, the approach taken to solve it, and an analysis of the space/time complexity of the given solution.

Tests are included for all solutions.  Test results may be viewed on TravisCI.

[Click here to view all test results](https://travis-ci.com/kozlowskicd/code-challenges)

<hr>

## Objects

* [Left Join](./challenges/left-join/README.md)

## Arrays

* [Reverse an Array](./challenges/array-reverse/README.md)
* [Shift an Array](./challenges/array-shift/README.md)
* [Array Binary Search](./challenges/array-binary-search/README.md)
* [Reverse Array Methods](./challenges/array-challenges/README.md)
* [Find Second Highest Value in an Array](./challenges/find-second-highest/README.md)
* [Find Sum of Array Values](./challenges/find-sum-value/README.md)
* [Quicksort - Flag Challenge](./challenges/flag-challenge/README.md)

## 2D Arrays

* [Find Maximum and Minimum](./challenges/2d-array-challenge/README.md)
* [Chess](./challenges/chess/README.md)

## Linked Lists

* [Merge Two Linked Lists](./challenges/llMerge/README.md)

## Stacks

* [Queue with Stacks](./challenges/queue-with-stacks/README.md)

## Queues

* [Queue - Animal Shelter MultiQueue](./challenges/animal-shelter/README.md)

## Trees

* [Find Path Between Values](./challenges/find-path/README.md)
* [Find All Tree Intersections](./challenges/tree-intersections/README.md)
* [FizzBuzz](./challenges/fizzbuzz/README.md)
* [Find Maximum Value](./challenges/find-max/README.md)
* [Find Depth](./challenges/find-depth/README.md)

## Graphs

* [Are There Islands?](./challenges/are-there-islands/README.md)
* [PreOrder DFS](./challenges/preorder-dfs/README.md)
